Minor punctuation/grammar/wording fixes (#9)
ChaelCodes/CorneliusCodes: README.md

# I would like to introduce you to my [Battlesnake](http://play.battlesnake.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=go_starter&utm_content=homepage) friend, Cornelius

![a corn snake](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8124558/132770698-160c6a6a-5b30-4b7d-9448-8982010b2027.jpg)

> Cornelius is built with Rust, and he is a wiggly darling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cornelius is built with Rust, and they are a wiggly darling.
```
Cornelius uses they/them. I have trouble with their pronouns too! Let's practice with Cornelius.

Author: Thanks!
